<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8" ?>
<!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.1//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml11/DTD/xhtml11.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml" xml:lang="en"
  xmlns:xsi="http://www.w3.org/2001/XMLSchema-instance"
  xsi:schemaLocation="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml
                      http://www.w3.org/MarkUp/SCHEMA/xhtml11.xsd">

<head>
	<title>Goal Info</title>
	<meta http-equiv="Content-Type" content="text/html; charset=UTF-8"/>

	<style>
		div.title {
			font-family: arial;
			font-size: 140%;
			border-bottom-style: dotted;
			border-bottom-color: grey;
			border-bottom-width: 1px;
		}

		div.subtitle {
			font-family: arial;
			font-size: 105%;
		}

		div.break-line {
			border-bottom-style: dotted;
			border-bottom-color: grey;
			border-bottom-width: 1px;
		}

		div.disclaimer {
			font-family: arial;
			line-height: 20%;
		}

		div.heading {
			font-family: arial;
			text-decoration: underline;
		}

		div.heading-content {
			font-family: arial;
			padding-left: 20px;
			margin-top: -10px;
		}

		div.subheading {
			font-family: arial;
			font-size: 110%;
			padding-left: 20px;
			line-height: 50%;
		}

		div.subheading-content {
			font-family: arial;
			padding-left: 40px;
			margin-top: -10px;
		}

		div.subheading-content p {
			margin: 5px;
		}

		div.image img {
			max-height: 500px;
			max-width: 577px;
			margin-left: auto;
			margin-right: auto;
		}
	</style>
</head>

<body>
	<div class="title">
		<h1>Goal Information</h1>
	</div>
	<div class="subtitle">
		<h3><i>An Energy goal can be defined for the project. The tool will calculate an optimal strategy to meet the goal. The goal is the sum of the energy demand for sensible heating, sensible cooling, humidification and dehumidification. The goal for the energy demand can be defined by the user. Recommendations will be done comparing calculation results to this value</i></h3>
	</div>
	<div class="break-line"></div>
	<div class="heading">
		<h3>Typical values:</h3>
	</div>
	<div class="heading-content">
		<p>Minimal energy demand given by national standards</p>
	</div>
	<div class="heading">
		<h3>Low energy:</h3>
	</div>
	<div class="heading-content">
		<p>40% less than national standard goal</p>
	</div>
	<div class="heading">
		<h3>Passive house:</h3>
	</div>
	<div class="heading-content">
		<p>15 kWh/m<sup>2</sup> year (for middle Europe)</p>
	</div>
	<div class="break-line"></div>
	<div class="subtitle">
		<h4><i>NOTE: The energy goal is evaluated by calculating the sum of the energy demand for heating, cooling, humidification and dehumidification</i></h4>
	</div> 
	<div class="break-line"></div>
	<div class="heading">
		<h3>Maximal temperature:</h3>
	</div>
	<div class="heading-content">
		<p>The maximal acceptable room temperature in <sup>o</sup>C. Room will be cooled if value is exceeded. This temperature is like the set point temperature at a thermostat</p>
	</div>
	<div class="heading">
		<h3>Minimal temperature:</h3>
	</div>
	<div class="heading-content">
		<p>The minimal acceptable room temperature in <sup>o</sup>C. Room will be heated if value is exceeded. This temperature is like the set point temperature at a thermostat</p>
	</div>
	<div class="heading">
		<h3>Maximal relative humidity:</h3>
	</div>
	<div class="heading-content">
		<p>Maximal acceptable relative humidity in the room. Room will be dehumidified if value is exceeded</p>
	</div>
	<div class="heading">
		<h3>Minimal relative humidity:</h3>
	</div>
	<div class="heading-content">
		<p>Minimal acceptable relative humidity in the room. Room will be humidified if value is exceeded</p>
	</div>
	<div class="heading">
		<h3>Heating energy consideration:</h3>
	</div>
	<div class="heading-content">
		<p>Software recommendations will consider the heating energy demand, when drop down is set to “on”</p>
	</div>
	<div class="heading">
		<h3>Cooling energy consideration:</h3>
	</div>
	<div class="heading-content">
		<p>Software recommendations will consider the cooling energy demand, when drop down is set to “on”</p>
	</div>

	
</body>
</html>